Now that we've given you both the pros and
the cons of the Android operating system
and Linaro or Ubuntu operating system.
Let's go ahead and
dive in as to how to install those or
at least the methods of installation for
your DragonBoard.
>> Now, the DragonBoard site,
or rather 96Boards.org site,
offers two different types of ways to
install your images onto the board.
One is via the SD card, which is
essentially flashing some sort of SD card
onto, or
flashing an image onto your SD card, and
then just plugging it straight
into your DragonBoard.
Or using the fast group protocol
that we went through in module two.
And as you can see in the slide,
we linked to you or
at least we reference you to the
appropriate lesson regarding whether or
not you want to install the android or
Ubuntu/Linaro version.
>> And if you want to go about doing it
either on your Mac/ Linux computer or
your windows.
So ultimately there's eight
different possibilities here.
There's either if you're a Mac user or
a Windows user.
If you wanna have Android or
Linaro on your board and
then which method of installation,
the SD card or the fast boot.
So we highly recommend you just figure
out which of these constraints you fall
under and just watch those videos,
otherwise you'll see a lot of repetition.
It's just basically the same thing over
and over again, just slightly tweaked for
every single platform or method.
>> However, do feel free to watch
the other videos as well if you want to,
perhaps, learn different methods to
install the operating system and,
with that, we'll see you in
the summary and lesson look back.